Add rebottling documentation in BrewTestBot-For-Maintainers.md (#19212)
Homebrew/brew: docs/BrewTestBot-For-Maintainers.md

1. Ensure that bottles have built successfully.
2. Run `brew pr-pull 12345` where `12345` is the pull request number (or URL).
3. Amend any relevant commits if needed, then run `git push` to push the commits to the pull request.

## Rebottling

> If a formula needs rebottling for any reasons within homebrew-core:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a formula in homebrew-core needs rebottling for any reason:
```

> 1. Navigate to the homebrew-core github page.

Reviewer 2: Before @issyl0 sees it:

```suggestion
1. Navigate to the homebrew-core GitHub page.
```

Reviewer 2: Or, even better, I guess we can just replace the first 3 points with something that includes the URL so that it's easier to follow. Perhaps something like:

> Navigate to homebrew-core's rebottling workflow page at https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/actions/workflows/dispatch-rebottle.yml
